DOCS: Create Switch-to-light-or-dark-mode.md (#41715)
Expensify/App: docs/articles/new-expensify/settings/Switch-to-light-or-dark-mode.md

---
title: Switch to light or dark mode
description: Change the appearance of Expensify
---
<div id="new-expensify" markdown="1">

> Expensify has three themes that determine how the app looks:
> - **Dark mode**: The app appears with a black background
> - **Light mode**: The app appears with a white background
> - **Use Device settings**: Expensify will automatically use your device’s default theme 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Expensify has three theme options that determine how the app looks:
- **Dark mode**: The app appears with a dark background
- **Light mode**: The app appears with a light background
- **Use Device settings**: Expensify will automatically use your device’s default theme 
```

Nitpicks, but it's not really _three themes_ or white/black... let me know what you think though!

Author: MUCH BETTER! Thank you!
